Allow For Ragged Stitching of Banks Without Rebinning (#40478)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/StitchByBackground-v1.rst

.. algorithm::

.. summary::

.. relatedalgorithms::

.. properties::

Description
-----------

This algorithm allows for the stitching of a list of single-spectra workspaces into one workspace by using a number of

> user-defined stitch points (in Q-space) and a threshold around these points in which to perform a background fit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user-defined stitch points at x values and a overlap region around these points in which to perform a background fit.
```
